man I'm bored what should I do
hey I've got an idea I'm going to hang
out with passionfruit and see if I can
get to date with her
hi passionfruit hey orange what's up not
much
would you like to chat with me I'm sorry
orange but I've got to get to class
right now please don't go I want to chat
with you I said that I have to get to
class please leave me alone I love you
so much
stop stalking me I already have a
boyfriend and you are only my friend but
now I am starting to hate you and I am
not wanting to be your friend anymore
but can I please at least have your
phone number no orange I do not want to
give you my phone number I am going to
be late for class
so please leave me alone please give me
your phone number if you give me your
phone number I will be happy for the
rest of my life I said no I do not want
to give you my phone number
I'm already late for class and I need to
go before I miss my class
I can't believe you hugged and kissed me
you are such a rude fruit and I do not
want to be in a relationship with you
ever in my life I am now going straight
to class
haha henge Russian food told me that you
were stalking L in Jamaica mad and her
boyfriend and it would be shitting if
she started to date you and I am dating
l but great fruit I have a crush on her
not want her to like me back well she is
not going to let you back for these
reasons number one I am already dating
your number two you stopped her number
three she only likes you as a friend but
now she hates you okay grapefruit I
understand
I promise to leave passionfruit alone
just please forgive me on what I did to
her no I will not forgive you I am now
going to slap you hey out oops
ouch that hurts
hey grapefruit what's wrong well ours
was constantly stalking passion food and
passion foo got mad at him for doing Zed
oh my god orange is such a pervert
I am going to talk with him and see if
he really did that to her
hey orange I
you've been constantly stalking passion
fruit and passion fruit God mad at you
did you really stalk her no I didn't
tell me the truth orange
did you really stalk passion fruit bum
yes I did
orange you don't ever stalk passion
fruit stalking is really rude
passion fruit already has a boyfriend
and she only likes you as a friend but
she is now starting to hate you but pear
I really like passion fruit so much and
I feel like that she is the only girl
who is appealing to me and that's why I
want to date her
well there are other girls out there
other than fashioned fruit that you will
like passion fruit is not the only girl
there is so please leave passion fruit
alone I am just afraid that passion
fruit will be in a serious relationship
with grapefruit well there might be a
chance that passion fruit would break up
with grapefruit but since you stalked
her she is going to remain dating great
food and avoid being around you since
you constantly stalk passion fruit I am
reporting about the incident to the
principal
so pair why are you here
well I would hate to tell you this but
orange was constantly stalking passion
fruit and passion fruit got mad at him
for doing that and passion fruit already
has a boyfriend are you telling the
truth
yes that is true
oh my god orange is going to be in deep
trouble
orange please report to the principal's
office Orange please report to the
principal's office thank you
what is it
I heard that pair told me that you were
stalking passion fruit and passion fruit
got mad at you
you are indeed trouble and I have no
choice but to suspend you for six weeks
no please don't suspend me I promise not
to stalk her anymore well too bad you
are getting suspended and I'm going to
call your parents right now
hello oranges parents I've got to tell
you something I heard that orange has
been constantly stalking passionfruit
and is getting suspended for it can you
come pick him up this is the principal
speaking orange I am not pleased on what
you did the passion from we're going to
have a dog when we get home I agree with
your dad you will be banned from all of
your privileges and you will have a talk
with us and see on what we should do
with you
orange I can't believe he got suspended
for swapping passion fruit she only
likes you as a friend and she won't date
you because she already has a boy friend
now
- and through distorting tension not
wanting to be a friend anymore why would
you constantly start her because I want
her to treat me with affection and think
that I am special
well she won't do that if she doesn't
want to have a relationship with you you
have to accept that but how can I get
her to want to break up with her
boyfriend and want to have a
relationship with me without trying to
force it you can't she can have a
relationship on whoever she wants to
have it with everyone has their own free
will and forcing her to date you is
against her free will there are other
girls out there other than passionfruit
that you are going to like so forget
about her everyone thinks that you are a
bad fruit and so do we we are going to
put you in a mental hospital and you're
going to think on which you did wrong
hello our son got suspended from school
for stalking a girl who is not
interested in him can you come pick him
up and put in the mental hospital ok bye
orange your
parents said that you are getting sent
to the mental hospital and I'm here to
pick you up
now get in the bus
hey Fred Figglehorn are you getting sent
to the mental hospital yes I am and that
is because I've been constantly
struggling Jimmy when she only likes me
as a friend and the bad news is that she
already has a boy's friend me too I am
getting sent to the mental hospital
because I've been constantly stalking
passionfruit once she only likes me as a
friend Plus that she already has a
boyfriend the same thing happened to me
I've been constantly stalking Sandy
Cheeks and she slapped me really hard
because of that but bad news is that she
already has a boyfriend and her
boyfriend is named spongebob the reason
why I cheated on Sandy Cheeks install it
is because I think that my computer wife
Karen is ugly and mean to me hey stop
talking on the bus we are almost there
now sleep until it's dinnertime
and think on what you did wrong while
you sleep
you